refactor(docs): split monolithic api reference into multiple files (#722)
DisnakeDev/disnake: docs/api/automod.rst

        The rule will prevent matching messages from being posted.

    .. attribute:: send_alert_message

        The rule will send an alert to a specified channel.

    .. attribute:: timeout

        The rule will timeout the user that sent the message.

        .. note::
            This action type is only available for rules with trigger type
            :attr:`~AutoModTriggerType.keyword` or :attr:`~AutoModTriggerType.mention_spam`,
            and :attr:`~Permissions.moderate_members` permissions are required to use it.

AutoModEventType
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. class:: AutoModEventType

    Represents the type of event/context an auto moderation rule will be checked in.

    .. versionadded:: 2.6

    .. attribute:: message_send

        The rule will apply when a member sends or edits a message in the guild.

AutoModTriggerType
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. class:: AutoModTriggerType

    Represents the type of content that can trigger an auto moderation rule.

    .. versionadded:: 2.6

    .. attribute:: keyword

        The rule will filter messages based on a custom keyword list.

        This trigger type requires additional :class:`metadata <AutoModTriggerMetadata>`.

>     .. attribute:: harmful_link

Reviewer: This should be in a separate issue.

>     .. attribute:: harmful_link

Reviewer 2: alright, will open one soontm

>     .. attribute:: harmful_link

Reviewer 3: Looks like it was removed entirely.
The API now returns `[{'code': 'UNION_TYPE_CHOICES', 'message': 'Value of field "trigger_type" must be one of (5, 4, 3, 1, 7, 6).'}]`.

#986

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.. currentmodule:: disnake

AutoMod
=======

> This section documents everything related to guilds' AutoMod feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section documents everything related to Discord's AutoMod features.
```

> This section documents everything related to guilds' AutoMod feature.

Reviewer: A link to https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/auto-moderation would be nice

Author: Done in [`d15ddd7`](https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/722/commits/d15ddd70e20c611070a3445379763a80b07a8c13)

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.. currentmodule:: disnake

AutoMod
=======

This section documents everything related to Discord's :ddocs:`AutoMod features <resources/auto-moderation>`.

Discord Models
---------------

AutoModRule
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: AutoModRule

.. autoclass:: AutoModRule()
    :members:

Data Classes
------------

AutoModActionExecution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: AutoModActionExecution

.. autoclass:: AutoModActionExecution()

>     :members:

Reviewer: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/722/commits/da4fbbd5ae4fd43f4aa6c6adba5e3eacc05e0ec1

.. SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

.. currentmodule:: disnake

AutoMod
=======

This section documents everything related to Discord's
`AutoMod features <https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/auto-moderation>`_.

Classes
-------

AutoModRule
~~~~~~~~~~~

.. attributetable:: AutoModRule

.. autoclass:: AutoModRule()

>     :members:

Reviewer: this is a discord model
